---
title: 2025年01月の中旬
date: 2025-01-20
tags:
  - journal
---
#### Middle of January
- On the 11th I took off work because I was still recovering from the worst of this malady[^1] and had to move house. The move in was successful and I'm pretty comfortable at my new spot.
- On the 12th I woke up late because of how comfortable this bed I'm renting is. Made it to work though and lasted through my entire shift. Looking back on the 9th-12th I think I only worked one full day. That explains what this past paycheque hurt so badly.
- The 13th was the beginning of my weekend, and iirc I did fuckall. Just vegetated in bed, still convalescent.
- The 14th was a regular Tuesday for me. I did my usual Serel activities and very little else.
- The 15th I went to my brother's house to eat dinner with him and help him clean out his storage shed.
- The 16th came around and I had to go back to work. I remember that day being relatively chill.
- The 17th was pretty okay too. 
- The 18th was unbearably cold but somehow I made it through the entire shift
- The 19th was slated to be even colder than the fucking 18th, so I said "fuck that" and called in. It would be one thing if I worked indoors, but being outside and getting cut up by the wind is no good.
- On the 20th I slept in for like 4 hours. Got woken up by my landlady who offered me a meal. She's sweet as pie. Ate that, went to QT for an eclair and a huge cup of iced tea, then came home and did fuckall. Anki reps, internet browsing, idly chatting, etc. In fact, I started writing this entry on the 20th.

[^1]: I think it's sinusitis. For whatever reason whenever Texas gets unreasonably cold, that seems to be what I end up getting. Had a high fever for a few days. Still have a post-nasal drip some 20 days later.