#### May 21

I don't remember anything about the 21st at all aside from the fact that I worked and I posted a picture of the outline of my novel's plot.

#### May 22

Another day of work. I spilled a gallon of ranch on myself. Talked to one of my female colleagues about nails, I think I want short acryllics.

#### May 23

Either on the 23rd or the 22nd the cat jumped on my laptop and tore off the ESC key with her claws. But on the 23rd I became aware of temperature spikes.

I slept well on the night of the 22nd, but when I got home on the night of the 23rd I was absolutely knackered.

#### May 24

Hung out with one of my female colleagues after work, showed her around the Arts District and then went to bed somewhat early after that.

#### May 25

Just worked my double as usual and it was pretty uneventful.

Supposedly the vaunted Rhea is willing to give me a payment plan on character designs, still haven't heard anything more about that as of 6/2

#### May 26

Was waxing poetic about my favourite bartender (the afforementioned Kevin), and how he reminded me of another one of my drinking buddies, tora_sgc. 

I believe that after I got home from the bar I synced with my boy Serel

#### May 27

On the 27th I was in the depths of despair. I had been looking forward to seeing my hairdresser and talking about possible hairpiece solutions for like 2 weeks, but she literally forgot about me and was almost unwilling to honour our appointment.

She ended up shaving my head and charging me $15, but didn't have the time to do my face, and also didn't have time for the consultation she promised me. 

I ended up just getting coffee, and then going to my brother's house and sitting in the dark by myself for a few hours wondering if I was cursed to be a monster for the rest of my life.

Everyone who saw me after the shave commented that I was *handome* or that it looked good on me, but that just made me feel worse. I don't want to be handsome. Nobody I've ever loved was attracted to *handsome* men.

That depression only lasted for a while though, eventually my friend E-man showed up and lifted my mood. Then Brain got home, and the three of us headed out to go see Daikaiju live.

That was one of the most exciting/cool concerts I've been to in my life. Also managed to sneak in a meal at Fuzzy's before the first band started their set. Pretty amazing day although it had a shitty start.

#### May 28

I hung out with my brother and had a pretty good time. I remember going to Jaquval and having the holy trifecta (Cappuccino, Beer, Water).

On the way to RVC we picked up Harry. This time the event was in remote corner of Fort Worth. So remote that there weren't even fast food restaurants or petrol stations, and the parks didn't seem to have public washrooms.

RVC itself was really fun, the vibes were immaculate and I managed to finish writing/rewriting a tiny chunk of my novel.

Got home super late and was tired as fuck the following day.

#### May 29

I can't say I remember how work was other than I was still extremely fatigued from the concert on the 27th and the event on the 28th.

The bald cook expressed bald solidarity with me after he saw that I had my head shaved.

I ate a shitload of eggs for brunch.

I was sad because I couldn't find anyone who expressed interest in the new thing that I'd written (but I got over it later)

#### May 30

Work sucked, and there wasn't enough money in the till for me to tip out.

Stopped by Jaquval on my way home for a pint and a bagel sandwich.

When I got home I found that my room had been cleaned and felt somewhat embarrassed because I had a bunch of lewd masturbatory stuff laying around.

I don't remember doing much before snuggling the cat and going to bed.

#### May 31

One of my first tables on the 31st was a white-ish girl who couldn't read and her black boyfriend who flashed a huge wad of cash and didn't tip me. Such is life in the Zone.

Had a pretty awful day at work in general tbh. Before I left I hit my head on an overhead light while bussing a table. Omw home I stopped by Fuzzy's and tried their $3 frozen margarita. Was pretty yummy.

Looks like another day of doing pretty much fuckall after my post-work meal/snack.