---
title: 2025年01月の上旬
tags:
  - journal
date: 2025-01-10
---
#### Brief Recap of before January
- Xmas with my oath brother's family was fantastic. We ate lots of food, drank lots of cocktails, exchanged presents, and had a good time. Unfortunately his sister and brother-in-law were both extremely ill, so that sort of dampened the energy a bit, but after we excused ourselves from their company things picked up.
- The following day I was lollygagging at my brother's place all day because I had some really annoying interactions with my landlord before xmas and didn't really want to go back home. But it seems like he's been keen on me since then, so :shrug:
- New Years Eve was just a normal Tuesday for me. All I did was was my usual Tuesday evening activities with my remote bestie.
- New Years Day I had plans with my brother at Bishop Arts, and ended up going there early to kill time (I initially had the intention of working on my journal or my novel, but alas). Ended up at 13 Barrels and had a few drinks and half a pizza. Closed my tab and walked to WD to meet my brother, but WD was closed. Ended up going to a new pub I'd never been to before and had a great time, then we migrated back to 13 Barrels and had even more pizza. Pretty great night, and a lot more celebratory than I was expecting.
	- Somehow after getting home and before going to bed I ended up having a success hookup with someone off of Grindr. That set the tone for the rest of my week because since then I've had a crick in my neck
#### Start of January
- On the 2nd I had to return to work, and it wasn't that bad afaicr.
- On the 3rd (really the morning of the 4th) I found myself unable to hang with the big dogs and I excused myself from work early
- On the 4th I made it all my way through my shift.
- On the 5th (morning of the 6th) I left work again because it got so cold that the bottom of my feet became completely numb, and the numbness started travelling up to my knees. Decided I should fuck off while I was still able to drive.
- On the 6th I learned that it was my week to clean the bathroom at my house. Horray! I also decided that I was going to lock in and actually do some writing. Yeah, that didn't go very well. I mostly just watched random shit on YouTube and talked about music with some mates. I suppose I also wrote this journal entry, so maybe it wasn't all a waste.
- The 7th was pretty cool for the first half of the day. Hung out with Serel, had an ineffectual study-session afterwards, then hung out with NoNickname; at around 0500 on the 8th while I watching shit with NoNi, my landlord knocked on my door to bully/pressure me into cleaning the bathroom sooner than I intended on doing it. I calmly reassured him that I was going to do it after I slept, and that I had a schedule. He took this as a personal affront and evicted me, lmao.[^1] I have to be out by the 12th.
- On the 8th, immediately after waking up, I rendezvoused with my brother to go talk to someone else about a room for rent, he acted as my interpreter. Looks like it was a good spot, I ended up shaking on it. After that, the two of us watched some video essays together on YouTube, snacked, and had a few beers until it was time for him to go to sleep. After that, I just returned home and since then I've been brainstorming for my novel and listening to comedy and writing advice on YouTube.
- On the 9th/10th the roads were frozen so I ended up not going into work
- On the 10th/11th I left early because I was sick as a dog.

[^1]: I think it might be amusing to write a retrospective/essay about this guy